Feat: Debugger and CMEK documentation (#1826)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/konnect-platform/debugger.md

When CMEK is enabled, {{site.konnect_product_name}} uses your key to encrypt payloads and logs. This ensures your data remains secure and accessible only to your organization.

## Get started with tracing

To enable tracing with the Debugger, you need:

* Data Plane nodes with {{site.base_gateway}} 3.9.1 or later
* Set the following environment variables in `kong.conf`:
  * `KONG_CLUSTER_RPC=on`
  * `KONG_ACTIVE_TRACING=on`

{:.info}
> The {{site.konnect_short_name}} debugger is currently supported on:
>
> * {{site.konnect_short_name}} Self-Managed Hybrid Gateways  
> * {{site.konnect_short_name}} Dedicated Cloud Gateways  
> * {{site.konnect_short_name}} Serverless Gateways  
>
> It is not supported on {{site.kic_product_name}} or {{site.event_gateway}} Gateways.

### Start a Session

1. In **Gateway Manager**, select the Control Plane that contains the Data Plane to be traced.
2. In the left navigation menu, click **Debugger**.
3. Click **New session**.
4. Define the sampling criteria and click **Start Session**.

Once the session starts, traces will be captured. Click a trace to view it in the spans viewer.

> Each session can be configured to run for an amount of time between 10 seconds and 30 minutes. Sessions are retained for up to 7 days.

Reviewer: nitpick (about the 200 traces hard limit) - feel free to reword: 
```suggestion
Each session runs for a configurable amount of time between 10 seconds and 30 minutes, or until 200 traces are collected. Sessions are retained for up to 7 days.
```
